I'm Yvonne in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with [music]
David Ingles.
>> Happy Friday and good morning to all of
you counting down to the open of markets
in Greater China. Top stories today,
stocks across the Asia Pacific under
pressure. [music] That's after stretched
tech valuations and also signs of a
cooling US labor market weighing on Wall
Street. Bonds [music] are rallying on
bets the Fed will cut interest rates.
>> Tesla's shareholders approved a
billion-dollar pay package for Elon
Musk, the largest payout ever [music]
for a corporate leader. Also, ahead, uh
data due today will set to show China's
export growth is slowing [music] with US
trade falling sharply. That's ahead of
the trade truce.
>> And how foreign businesses in China are
navigating economic and geopolitical
[music] headwinds. We speak to Coach
China and the EU Chamber of Commerce at
the International Import Expo in
Shanghai.
Good morning. Welcome to the show. So,
what we're seeing it pretty much across
asset classes, [music] and we'll get to
some of the commodities in a moment,
which are doing something else. But
really, what equity markets are
following what we saw overnight on Wall
Street. Europe also got hit quite badly.
We're down 1% there. Although, uh it
does seem to suggest, when you look at
futures right now, we do seem to see
some buying coming through there. So,
this might end up being, when you go
into the rest of the Friday session,
ending on a positive note. We'll see
what happens. But Asia, though, as you
can see in some of the tech-heavy plays
here, are seeing a lot of pressure right
now. Nikkei's also off 1 and 1/2%. Uh
let's flip the page, please. Let's have
a look at where you are in the 10-year.
I mentioned the follow-through from in
equity markets. It's the same thing when
you look at bond markets, right? So,
bonds are rallying. You had this rally
in Treasuries. We're we're down on uh
the 10-year yield. We're back below the
1.1 handle. We were above that, of
course, going into uh going into the
session this time yesterday.
The pricing around the Fed in uh for the
December meeting has gone up from 60
yesterday. We're about 70% right now.
That takes us into the dollar story.
We're still broadly higher uh on the
dollar index for the week. Uh that would
make it 3 weeks
uh in a row. Rate decision, of course,
coming out uh the Bank of England
yesterday. So, we didn't manage to
bounce following that trend lower in the
last few weeks. Uh 130 handle, 13128
right now on cable. Uh very quickly, the
approach to the open today, A50 futures
a pair we're tracking very closely today
on the back of the sort of idiosyncratic
dynamic on the strength in the currency,
Chinese currency weakness in the yuan.
Uh also, the opposite sides of, you
know, sort of direction of all there.
10-year yield in China, 1.8. We have
bond auctions today, 1 and 2-year. And
of course, this is also something we're
tracking. I mentioned commodities as
well. Uh roughly at about multi-year
highs here on prices of aluminum. So,
yeah, lots to watch going into today.
Yeah, the standout in in Chinese
equities was certainly one thing to
watch out for to see if it continues,
right? At a time when Korea is selling
off some of these big AI darlings, uh
China still seems to think things are
looking pretty stable. This is a slow
bull market. Seems to be working in some
ways. In terms of what to watch in your
agenda here today, we talked about the
equity rally. Certainly, that's one
thing to watch as you wrap up a really
busy week here in Hong Kong. Listings
and all the like when it comes to robo
taxis. Uh in terms of stocks, so we
talked about Xpeng, HuaHong Semi. Their
earnings came out here. Did show that
they might be lagging in this whole sort
of chips race in China. SMIC is
certainly in focus as well. We are
expecting that trade data as well as
your US inflation Oh, sorry. Chinese
inflation data coming out on the weekend
as well. Hainan-related stocks, so the
president made a trip there. Uh all
talking about how this is going to be a
center of industrial upgrades. So,
certainly look out for those
Hainan-related uh sectors to possibly
benefit from this as well. Aluminum is
certainly one in focus, and we're still
going to be covering the CIE in Shanghai
as well today. But yeah, it seems like,
you know, all systems go when it comes
to China here. We'll have Paul talking
coming through here. He he had a phrase
it very beautifully about how things are
still kind of set up to look pretty
positive in this equity rally. Yeah, I
think if you look at the correlation
between, say, greater Chinese benchmarks
relative to the rest of the world, still
correlated, but not as tight. So, you do
see, of course, that sort of hedge uh
when you look at that. And certainly,
we're seeing that we did see that play
out in equity markets yesterday, where
every single stock in the Hang Seng Tech
Index was up.
>> Yeah. Although, volumes were on the
lighter side. So, I'm curious to see
what that's going to look like today. Uh
we're almost done with earning season.
We have the big ones, of course, next
week. But I think HuaHong Semi's going
to be interesting, the reaction there.
SMIC did very, very well yesterday. But
yes, uh apart from that, I think we also
just to mark some data that's come
through here. Uh ooh, okay, that's a bad
one. Okay, this is out of the
Philippines.
Uh 3Q GDP, the estimates were for 5.2.
What we got was a 4% 4% handle there. Uh
Q on Q, half of what was expected.
Weakness in the currency coming through.
So, we'll we'll we'll We'll we'll we'll
get into the numbers, but just looking
at the spread between the actual and the
estimates, that seems to be quite
a big variance from what was expected in
the markets. Market opens up, of course.
Uh plus, I think there's a big IPO as
well here today. So, something to watch
going into going into Friday. Yeah, you
mentioned about the data. I mean, we it
brings us back to what we saw in the US
overnight, right? This kind of trio of
signs that we got from the private data
did suggest that maybe things are
softening the labor market. That's why
you started to see that buy when it
comes to Treasuries once again. But it's
so mixed, right? We just had the ADP
report yesterday that said a stronger
sort of print there when it comes to the
labor market. So, I think it's difficult
for the Fed to really decide, you know,
just based on this private data whether
they can actually cut next month or not.
>> There's not enough Even the markets are
trying are bouncing between the two
extremes almost on a day-to-day basis,
right? So, yesterday we were talking
about almost a coin toss
probability, and that's now gone up to
70%. It's rare that we even look at, I
think, the Challenger set of numbers,
and that's the private jobs numbers,
which doesn't tend to historically We
rarely look at it, right? Yeah. Yeah,
but then here we are, because it's
almost like a dearth of of of
information out there. But yes, we are
tracking that. Uh on the Fed, we're
4.1%. So, all things equal, will they
lean towards a cut because it seems to
be a weakening as far as that's
concerned.
>> What's this Jenga economy that we've
been talking about?
>> Yes. Well, okay, the the most extreme
example of that was this pay package, of
course.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> approved, right? Trillion dollars.
And then on the other side of this Jenga
totem pole, if if you want to look at it
that is really the middle class going
down even further of people just simply
making uh making it difficult really to
make ends meet. Mhm. Right? So, I think
that the way the story phrase it is
actually quite nice. Um people are
having to pick, I think, between dinner
and car payments. Ooh. So, which is
really a I guess a stark contrast to to
the trillion-dollar pay package, which
is, of course, very, very extreme in a
longer term, which we'll get into, of
course.
>> talk about Tesla in just a bit here. Uh
in the meantime, let's get you caught up
with how the state of play in markets
is. Let's bring in Pruksa Iamthongthong,
head of Asia Pacific Equities at
Aberdeen Asset Management. It's good to
have you here in in Hong Kong. This is
coming at a time when people are really
questioning the valuations of some of
these sort of AI tech darlings that
really outperformed uh for for much of
this year.
What has Aberdeen been doing in the face
of all this volatility now?
Yes. So, um we have been looking at the
current earning seasons very carefully.
And as you can imagine, we are in the
midst of the tech earning seasons both
for the key suppliers like Taiwan,
Korea, which reported over the last 2
weeks, as well as for the US
hyperscalers.
And I think um the summary of all the
results have basically shown that um
things are still looking pretty robust
from a fundamental perspective.
And I think the key takeaway is that
where we are today, we are getting
increasing visibility about the growth
in 2026. So, actually, um all the signs
from a fundamental perspective is
pointing to a stronger year in 2026. I
think what's not very clear is about how
will 2027 shape like, and the valuations
have run ahead. So, I think from our
perspective, um given how fast the
market have run, there might be a little
bit of a hiccup. I wouldn't be surprised
with regard to that. But we will see
this as a long-term buying opportunity
because we do think fundamentals are
still stacking up. You mentioned some of
the AI supply chain markets like Korea
and Taiwan.
People seem to be looking at AI
valuations.
And there seem to be only, and I think
it's erroneous, just very extreme
versions of it, right? It's either
you're in a bubble or you're completely
depressed.
Uh
how would you describe valuations? Are
they Do you see room for compression?
Uh it might be a separate question. Do
you think they're overvalued, which is a
somewhat separate question to the to the
first one? We don't think they're
overvalued. Um we do think they are
probably at the fairer stage than they
were at the start of the year,
especially when you look back, you know,
at the liberation day. That that was a a
big sell-off under a very different
circumstance. So, we do think that as
long as fundamentals continue to grow,
and and that remains supportive, we
should continue to see valuations grow
go up. I think there is a bit of a
discrepancy between where valuations of
tech companies in Asia and in China are
at versus, say, the tech companies in in
the US are at. And I think from a Asia
point of view, the relative valuation
that we are having today does give a bit
of buffer while fundamentals remain
quite strong. So,
you can tell that we are on the positive
side of the trade. Okay. In terms of how
to play and position around the AI theme
now, what what's sort of the the advice
to clients?
Um from our perspective, we do have
quite a good position on a broader
perspective. So, you have the
semiconductor supply chain, which plays
into the infrastructure layer. Um you We
look at the application layer, which um
people might have forgotten, but China
Internet is actually one of the main
players and the key drivers within the
application layer, which we do think
that their ability to monetize what they
have invested in the infrastructure
layer is actually very strong. Um you
have the broader ecosystem, which you
talk about. You know, nowadays, um, you
are starting to see that uh power is the
real bottleneck as well and you have the
power equipment supply chain. You have
the energy storage system that will be
part of the power equipment. So, we
really look at things from a from a
broader perspective rather than just the
the actual tech sector as a whole.
And outside of that, are are those still
going to deliver your the the alpha in
China? I mean, is it time to be looking
at cyclicals or is it too early? Are you
not seeing it as data just yet?
Um, I think we are not really seeing
that the data just yet, but we it's
actually looking pretty interesting and
I think this is really because on the
cyclical front, um, activities have been
quite slow and understandably so given,
you know, where the tariff situation
have been at. Uh, today we are getting
more clarity um than than before and
what that means is that as a business
and the companies that we talk to, um,
on this trip as well, um, they are
looking to continue to the plan and it's
business as usual, right? Once you have
the tariff in place, you now know, um,
how to plan your supply chain and
therefore you will continue to diversify
out China. Tell us about the trip. So,
what's what's the sense you're getting
from this when as you meet clients and
companies? Yes, so, um, I was in
Shanghai and Suzhou, uh, earlier during
the week.
>> Interesting picks, okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Yes, meeting the team but also meeting
some of the companies there and uh it's
a variety of companies, but I think
generally, um, what the companies have
been seeing among the AI and
semiconductor side. And and what they
are saying continues to be very much
what we have observed in the overall
market which is demand remains to be
pretty strong. Some are in short supply
and therefore they have to make
prepayments, um,
and I think that that very much is a
good sign with regard to how tight the
supply chain is.
>> Right. Right. And and and those are the
broader, you know, data points that you
don't get unless you start visiting the
companies and then you start talking
about them about our softer data points.
I was going to ask you about what we
saw. I mean, you're starting to see
maybe as you mentioned China still
offers those AI opportunities. Coming at
a time when I'm I'm looking at a market
like Korea where volatility is picking
up and you know, massive sell-off of
some of these really big names that have
done so well and in contrast China
actually has been seeing volatility head
lower.
What is what do these dynamics tell you
about what where best to kind of
position and kind of hunker down as we
count down to this year? I think it
still comes back to, uh, fundamentals
because what you have described is
really just about a rotation in the
market from, you know, things that have
gone up and it's looking slightly more
expensive to where, um, things that have
been sold off and perhaps have been not
looked very closely like I think China
volatility has come down but from a very
high base.
>> Korea though? We still favor Korea and
within Korea, I think it's not just
about the tech trade in Korea. Um, we
have the value up trade that, um,
has been, I think,
not talked about much because of the
excitement surrounding, uh, tech, but I
think if you look at, you know, the
Korean financials, the insurance
companies or even, you know, the
cyclical like the shipbuilding
companies, they are all, um, really
willing to come up with, uh, measures to
improve shareholders return as part of
the overall, um, government campaign to
really increase their dividend payment.
So, I think we do see quite a big change
there and we are excited about the value
up opportunities in Korea in addition to
the tech opportunities.
Last question for you. Southeast Asia,
what's what's what's pretty there going
into next year?
Uh, Southeast Asia, I think what's
pretty is the valuation. Um, again, a
forgotten region. Um, I'm from Thailand
and, um, Thailand has been one of the
weakest performing markets, um, for
quite a long period of time until we
have a change in government. Um, I think
what you see in Southeast Asia is that,
um, the positive side of things you have
pretty good rates cut backdrop that is
going to stimulate the economic growth,
um, and with that you have the
government stepping in in various
countries like Indonesia or Thailand to
really drive on the fiscal front to
stimulate the economic growth. So, we do
think, um, things are looking pretty
attractive and growth is coming back as
supported by the governments.
Pruksa, very nice to see you in town.
Next time you're in town, let us know as
well. Thank you very much for having me.
Uh, Pruksa Iamthongthong there, head of
equities Asia Pacific at Aberdeen uh
Investments. Right, just ahead, in fact,
just on that note we were just talking
about there, the power deficit [music]
on the AI play, BofA has a fantastic
deep dive into this, what picks they're
watching as far as that [music] play is
concerned. AI capex they see topping 1
trillion in about five or six years.
Matt [music] Egan joins us at those
times on your screen. Countdown to the
open of trade, 15 minutes away.
Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong to
Friday's session. It's upon us as with
the weather. This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> All right, some strength in the last
couple of ticks here, last few moments
or so. We're looking at the fix of the
day, the seven, ooh, very convenient,
7-Eleven. Uh, 39 was the range. We are
getting one at 70836. So, relative to
7-Eleven 39, that is still on the on the
stronger side. Uh, thanks. Okay, let's
uh help you get set up for the trading
day ahead. Joining us from Singapore is
Paul Dobson. Paul, good morning, sir.
The
the rally in China yesterday on price
quite decent. I think every single stock
on the Hang Seng tech, I was told by my
producers, was up. So, market breadth
was okay. Volumes were on the lighter
side of things. What would you guys be
watching today?
Uh, morning, David. Uh, watching for
further follow-through. You know, how
resilient is China relative to the rest
of the world? I think it's looking like
a pretty good place at the moment. Um,
and the reason that I say that is not
just on the stock side where you have,
uh, the tech story performing well again
and the sort of push for independence
and for development, um, still keeping
up investment interest, but also on the
currency side, you know, we're looking
at the yuan appreciating against the
dollar but also against peers across the
region. I think just about a record high
against the Korean won, for example. So,
there's signs of confidence there and
also, you know, we saw that absolutely
humongous demand for the dollar bond
that was issued yesterday, uh, but also
in the in the local government, uh,
bonds market, um, you know, pretty
decent support there, too. So, China's
markets are having a little bit of a
moment where their seeming resilience. I
would like to see, you know, can they
continue to perform when you have the
drawdown from, uh, or the drag from, uh,
US markets and global markets and how
resilient are they, uh, in relation to
the rest of the world right now?
Yeah, it's it's interesting to mark this
resilience that we're seeing, uh, in
China. I mean, it it's not all perfect
though. I mean, you highlighted it's all
kind of set up and the stars are
aligned, but we're still seeing some
wobbles on the property side of things.
What are still some kind of key risk we
have to look out for?
Yeah, I think you're right to draw
attention to the property side of
things. We saw Vanke getting another
downgrade this week to triple C with a
negative rating, uh, outlook. So, um, as
close basically to a D as you can get, I
think. Uh, so, that's a concern, you
know, that market still hasn't turned
around completely. There's still, uh,
companies that are needing support and
and you have New World as well, uh,
rumbling along in the background, uh,
but I think that the market has moved on
and it's looking forward instead of
that, uh, looking at the growth story,
uh, looking at the the push on
industrial strategy that we're seeing,
you know, and it's seeing you seeing it
in in in local commodities prices as
well. Aluminum at a one-year high for
China, uh, so, people kind of, you know,
passing over some of those risks. The,
um, IPOs that we saw this week, the two
robo-taxi firms, uh,
you might point to that and say that's
enough negative bull. What about those
ones? But I think that that's a kind of
individual story. They're competing
against each other, they're going neck
and neck and perhaps, you know, the
market doesn't particularly like that
narrative of everything happening at the
same time and, uh, and too much
competition and too much conflicting
evidence. In general, um, outside of
outside of those, uh, small negatives,
there's more, uh, positives to be
latching onto just at this moment in
time and I think, you know, overriding
everything, you have the trade truce and
we're still getting more kind of details
of how that's moving forward in a
positive way. Uh, you've got the fact
that China came out of that looking
pretty strong as well, uh, having stood
up, uh, to Trump and, uh, you know, got
compromises on both sides. And then you
have, you know, the tech story which is,
uh, really driving the narrative forward
and you have this renewed confidence in
the industrial strategy that's giving
people a sense of purpose.
Paul, thank you. Paul Dobson, have a
great weekend there. As of course we
talk about some of those robo-taxi
listings in Hong Kong. We'll see if they
have uh what happens on day two.
Overnight they sold off quite a bit
already when it comes to
Pony.ai and WeRide. Um, but yeah, Tesla
certainly had some news this morning,
right? Shareholders have approved that
$1 trillion compensation package for CEO
Elon Musk, largest payout ever awarded
to a corporate leader. Let's bring in
our transport reporter Danny Lee uh with
us. It came with a lot of caveats, I
guess, but what what comes next now
after this is approved? Well, Elon Musk
has to uh deliver on all of the
expectations. He gets this, you know,
you know, biggest corporate award, uh,
but it's the milestones that will come
next. You know, Tesla's currently worth
$1.5 trillion. He has to then get it to
2 trillion and has to uh deliver on
certain goals including effectively
doubling and tripling sales over time
and on certain products. But as Tesla
pivots from a just a EV company to
something that's more related to
autonomous driving, robotics, there is a
lot he now has to deliver. Uh, so,
there's a lot of pressure on him and as
he said, you know, if he didn't get more
control over Tesla, this pay package
wasn't awarded, he wouldn't stay. So, he
now has to deliver on that.
Uh, what's the update on
FSD? So, uh, he said, uh, some
interesting remarks. He's saying that,
uh, he's had been by the Chinese
authorities that FSD could be approved
by February or March next year. So, it's
significant that we have waited all of
this time and we could see the light of
end of the tunnel. But, beyond that,
this could actually help Tesla maybe
revive some of that slump in in China
sales. So, it's that's important and
particularly as we are seeing all this
competition in autonomous driving and
and these various tech that these
Chinese players are coming out with,
driven by the likes of WeRide and
Pony.ai and more, that this could help
Tesla uh kind of find a bit more of a
firmer footing in somewhere like China.
Danny, thank you so much. Danny Lee
there on the latest out of Tesla and the
timeline potential
working timeline as it pertains to FSD
there, Feb and also March. Going into
[music] the open today, not a lot of
movement on an index level. We did flag
earlier on we were watching [music] and
we just talked about EVs there in cars.
Xpeng is one to watch, big pop overnight
[music] and it's coming up on your
screens quite shortly, I believe. Xpeng
is the only one that's actually seeing
substantial [music] up. There we go.
We're up 5% in your pre-market. Plenty
more ahead. This is the China show.
Welcome back. Okay,
what's in the weather today? Rainy.
Windy.
>> Eerie. Uh get us to the weekend. No, in
fact, if this weather is waiting for us
at the weekend, get us to Monday.
Uh
words you you you rarely hear No,
actually always hear from us.
8/10 of 1% to the upside, so we are
giving up some of the gains yesterday.
Very very early, of course, on Friday.
There wasn't a lot of volume, just keep
that in mind. I think we were 30%
lighter uh than the average given the
rally yesterday, so we'll see what
happens with that. Turnover though
onshore continues to remain robust. I
think we did another $2 trillion 2
trillion yuan day, rather, in mainland
China yesterday. So, obviously one to
watch. Some strength coming through in
the currency following the fix. Although
we're flat from the from the cut off
here. All right. In terms of analyst
actions, HuaHong Semi got a big one from
Citi here, upgrading the stock to a buy,
raising that price target on
expectations of a structural
improvement. So, 105 is the new price
target. That's from $45. That's a
substantial kind of upgrade there on the
back of this kind of gradual GM upgrade
trend. That's really what they're
flagging here. Gross margins is one
thing they're flagging. Baidu also A
shares raised to a buy at Deutsche Bank.
I believe the ADRs were also raised as
well overnight and Zijin Gold rated new
outperform at BNP Paribas
Okay, some of the stock reaction.
HuaHong should be on the way down.
CATL one to watch, of course, given of
course the updates on the lithium mine
that we are seeing some upside. A little
bit of upside, 2% in Xpeng, of course,
following the move up overnight going
into today. SMIC not on your screens,
but one to watch as well given the the
massive move up [music] yesterday and
some of the the day twos. Here we go.
Well, day twos and day threes and series
and yeah. All still looking bad for
Pony.ai and WeRide right now. We got the
open coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
Good morning. So, [music] just the full
session is just ahead, the final one of
the week. Some weather's coming through.
We'll start big picture and then we'll
get into the micro in a moment with some
of these stock movers. So, on the macro
side of things, softer US numbers,
higher [music] expectations of a Fed cut
in December. As far as China goes,
anytime this morning, [music] in about
30 minutes or so, we should be getting
the the trade numbers for October. And
apart from that, going into the weekend
of one, we are looking at the inflation
print. I think that's on Sunday. [music]
Yeah, so expecting terms of the trades,
exports might slow down. There's some
seasonal factors there. When it comes to
the deflation story, [music] maybe that
might have eased, but not really chasing
that much improvement. But, certainly
we're going to see
if the the fundamental story changes
[music] there in any way. But, certainly
when it comes to markets, uh it has been
this kind of this contrast that you're
seeing when, you know, the rest of the
markets are seeing a sell-down or people
questioning this whole AI capacity spend
and whether it's actually bearing any
fruit here, you are starting to see
signs of maybe China has that bit of
resilience here, right? Relatively
speaking, we're still dealing with, you
know, moderate losses here right now.
We're down about half of 1%. Uh it's
pretty slow going so far, but we're
tracking very closely, of course, on
these big sort of micro sort of themes,
right? When it comes to earnings with
chips, for example. CATL, right? So,
we're watching those A shares. We're
slightly to the upside here right now.
Looks like we could be seeing some gains
here. There has been some key progress
made in that mining rights application.
So, some analysts say maybe that means
that that lithium mine that was shut and
suspended since August, we could be back
online maybe by the end of this year.
That's the expectation. We'll see if
that actually comes through. some of
these local chip names like Capricorn
here. That's slightly lower. We're
watching, of course, how Hong Kong fares
here given that it was seeing quite a
bit of a rally here yesterday when the
Kospi was seeing that sort of meltdown
and volatility was shooting up that way.
Hang Seng, as well as what we're seeing
in China, was actually heading lower in
terms of vol. So, is this sort of slow
bull market actually getting some
traction? Let's look at the boards and
see how Hong Kong is looking like here
today because yesterday that rally was
quite pronounced here despite some of
these listings when it comes to robo
taxis seeing a pretty bad first day of
school, right? But, right now HS Tech,
you are seeing a bit of red there. We're
down about 1%. What's driving that are
the Alibabas. We're down 1 and 1/2%.
Meituan also 1 and 1/2%. We have
GenieYou coming on talking about that
pair trade, right? Long Alibaba, short
Meituan has been very good for many that
have bought that. But, we're watching
very closely when it comes to, of
course,
Tencent as well and as well Xiaomi.
Xiaomi's down some 2% here this morning.
So, there you go. We are seeing tech
mostly speaking uh is lower. Baidu
though is a standout. Take a look at
what it comes to some of these semi
stocks as well because HuaHong Semi,
SMIC did report yesterday. It seems like
out of the two, HuaHong did show that
maybe things are looking a little bit in
terms of behind what we're seeing in in
the whole kind of domestic industry
compared to likes of SMIC. So, it was a
miss on HuaHong, a beat when it comes to
SMIC, but both stocks were actually
lower here this morning. Interesting
enough, Citi had a very good call here
when it comes to an upgrade. We're
talking about a buy there for that
rating. And they did raise that price
target from 45 to 105. So, certainly
that's more than doubling up the price
target there. They're talking about
structural improvement when it comes to
HuaHong Semi in particular. But, right
now, chips not in favor here today. You
think about how Hainan stocks are doing.
So, the president made a trip there to
the area and they've been talking about
how this is going to be the center of an
industrial upgrade. So, they're talking
about a free trade zone the like here in
the development. Obviously, we are
seeing some of these HuaHong Hainan
related stocks that are rallying here.
Hainan Development, for example, is up 6
and 1/2%. Hainan Strait Shipping is also
up close to 4% here right now. We talked
about aluminum, right? So, it's not just
the equity market, it's not just the
bond market, you know, of course, China
returning to that dollar bond market had
a really good day as well.
You know, as Paul Dobson mentioned, you
know, the stars are really aligning when
it comes to China that maybe things are
looking pretty more favorable here
when it comes to the year end. Aluminum
is also at 1-year highs, right? So,
we're also watching that. Pretty mixed
picture right now when it comes to some
of these aluminum makers and the like,
but certainly that's going to be one
thing to watch
as of course we look at all things,
right? David, when it comes to this kind
of quarterly run that we're seeing on
Chinese stocks.
>> Yeah, the seesaw
value versus growth and what wins. And I
think we did see some
a bit in a bit of sunlight, let's put it
that way, for a few weeks
on some of the value plays. There's an
overlap between that cohort
and some of the income and dividend
plays, but then
you take a look at how it's done on the
quarterly basis, you look at a spread
there, value versus growth, you do the
spread and you do understand why value
has become more
a pun intended, more valuable as it
pertains to that. The best quarterly run
against the growth peer gauge
in about almost 3 years. Let's call it
that. All right, investors redirecting
these flows, this rotation following
uncertainties lingering over the trade
deal with the US. Let's bring Genie Yu,
our stocks reporter, here with us to
take take us through. Yeah, so
we did see a rotation. Does does it
last, I guess? And why why did we see
that? What was the What was the main
reason there?
>> Yeah, I think we we we we began to see
that rotation around mid-October when,
you know, there were so many concerns
about, you know, the China-US trade
conflict. And
and then we've seen the momentum kind of
accelerated in recent in recent weeks or
so because,
you know, given all the third quarter
earnings, you know, people, you know,
especially the funds that has piled in
into those AI names, you know, in in the
first three quarters, they suddenly
realized like that, you know, those high
expectation might be hard to be
justified.
Um so, there's kind of like, you know,
like a mismatch there. You know,
and and suddenly the market turned more
like a risk off and they're kind of
seeking shelters. And then on the on the
other hand, you know, we had the 5-year
plan, you know, announced by the Chinese
government. And then there was there is
some expectation for those, for example,
like SOE names, you know, get certain
like policy support in the longer term.
So, we've seen this rotation more like
driven by both, you know, tactical
rotation, but also like some fundamental
structural reason behind. So, and that
means like this kind of rotation could
be a little bit like longer than
expected than than people thought. So,
it's not just like, you know, seeking
safe havens in the market, like seeking
safe bets, you know, on the valuation
concerns of the AI names. Yeah, even
within the tech space, right? People are
questioning how to kind of decipher the
winners and losers. There's this
interesting kind of pair trade where
you're long Alibaba and short Meituan.
That's done very well for a lot that
have kind of betted on this earlier this
year. Why do you think it's worked and
what are analysts saying about it now?
Yeah, um I think it's um you know, when
it comes to food delivery war war, I
think um people are like, you know,
picking the winners, you know, losers.
Um Meituan um like they're facing a lot
of challenges from Alibaba, you know,
since um Alibaba has um began, you know,
as escalated the price wars with Meituan
and jd.com in April. So, we've already,
you know, it's it's almost half a year,
you know, since since the price wars,
you know, and um there were earlier
there were a lot of bets about, you
know, like um this price war may have
already reached its peak, you know,
because for the fourth season is
um it's kind of like a low season. It's
um um seasonally for the price war. Oh,
sorry, for the um food delivery giants.
Um but then on the other hand, you know,
during the ongoing Singles' Day, um
there were a lot of new signs that um
this war is not actually taking a pause.
It's actually going to different areas,
kind of like expanding, you know, when
those um companies seek growth in in
various luggage consumer sentiments in
China. So, um so when we talk to
investors, they would think um they
would kind of adjust their expectation
and thinking this long Baba and short
Meituan trade can actually ex- extend um
actually at least through the half, you
know, the second half of this year. Um
and then because um Alibaba then needs
to expand the
um the quick commerce business um so
that they can secure more uh traffic for
their, you know, like bigger online
platform to achieve their synergy.
All right, Genie, thank you. Genie, you
there? Asia stocks reporter on all
things uh when it comes to tech. We're
going to focus on that theme and we're
getting uh some reports here from this
is from The Information. Yeah. Uh and
what they're reporting is the US is
going to be blocking Nvidia's scale of
its scale-back AI chip chips to China.
The chip in question is known as B30A.
I I think that's how you say it, Dave,
but this is a downgraded version of the
Blackwell, but it is still far more
powerful than the other chips that the
US government is currently allowing
Nvidia to sell in China. This was the
one that was supposed to be tweaked,
right, in hopes of that the
administration was going to change their
mind. Looks like they haven't just yet,
Dave. Could be a big blow for Nvidia.
>> Yeah, you know, and we're we're barely 2
weeks from that meeting and already
we're getting
things like this that indicate that, you
know, it's not going to be as smooth
sailing as
I guess that the mood from the meeting
suggests as far as the you know, the
relationship is concerned. So, can I
[clears throat] can I ask can I ask for
an intraday, please? I want to show our
viewers of what the reaction looks like
here. So, the Nasdaq futures are now, as
you can see, we're down.
It
probably was because of this report,
because I'm looking at my chart here and
we were at the start of the show, if you
remember, we were materially higher on
these things. We're now flat on S&P and
we're now down on Nasdaq futures. So, it
does seem the market is somewhat
reacting uh to it just looking at the
chart itself. Thank you so much. There
we go. Down all the way.
>> Yeah, and what's different about this
one, right? This B30A uh is something
that Chinese developers desperately
need, according to this report, um
because it's a bit different. It can be
used to train large language models when
efficiently organized in big clusters.
That's something that China doesn't have
domestically right now as well. So,
certainly that's one to watch. Um
Certainly we're going to talk a bit more
about that and what this means for
Nvidia coming up. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, welcome back. So, China's
Singles' Day, the the shopping festival,
is well underway as the country looks to
boost consumption. For a sense of how
foreign brands are looking to take
advantage, Stephen Engle, of course, our
China correspondent is at the China
International Ex- Import Expo in
Shanghai and Steve was in Lululemon's
and leggings and he's now shifted to
leather. Steve.
Yeah, that's right. So, we always come
to CIIE and come to and this year Hall
6.2 to see and get a pulse check of the
consumer in China in the luxury market
uh and this year is no different and we
yes, yesterday Lululemon, today we're
going to be talking Coach with the China
uh president, Liliana Lucioni. Perfect.
Hi. Thank you for having us here in your
Tabby Bag booth here at CIIE. Give us a
pulse check. How is the luxury market
doing right now? It's all a little bit
of a pickup, but we all know that the
spending by Chinese households is
depressed. [music]
What what are you seeing?
That absolutely is correct. The market
remains challenging. We have seen some
gradual improvement over the past few
quarters, and it's primarily driven by
uh all the
all the policies from the government to
push
consumption. Is it working, do you
think? Is it giving is it giving
confidence for people to spend more on
more luxury items rather than go for
cheaper alternatives, the dupes or the
Pinduoduo? You know these trends. Well,
I would say consumers are very smart and
they're very cautious with their
spending. So, while overall traditional
luxury remains challenging, we see
brands like ours winning in this market.
China is our second largest market after
the US and we're coming out from very
strong quarters of growth.
How is the brand equity right now of the
made or excuse me, designed in America
[music]
brand equity? Obviously, we've just come
through a very turbulent times with
tariffs and anti-US sentiment and all
that. How do you weather that and how
are you seeing people willing to buy an
American brand? I would say people look
at
the story behind the brand. So, what we
focus at Tapestry is making sure that we
deepen our connection with consumer. We
have a strong focus on Gen Z. So, one of
our key priority is to understand how we
can be part of their daily lives and
that's how we want to connect with them.
So, we take it away from being an
American brand. It's more about the
values that we want to provide to the
consumer.
Um we are a New York-based brand. We
focus on product innovation. We focus on
compelling stories. We focus on building
emotional connection with consumer and
our target audience, which is Gen Z, is
responding to that. That's why I think
our growth trend and our recent
uh trends on new customer acquisition on
sales are showing an inflection and an
acceleration in this market. Are you
cautiously optimistic then this peace
between the US and China can last and
and removes that uncertainty? Now, I
know you don't make your bags and your
products in China. So, overall, what has
been the impact of tariffs on confidence
in your business? So, last week in
Busan, we saw the president shaking
hands.
I think that to me is a sign of
confidence.
Um I believe that they will figure out
uh good ways to partner. Of course, we
want to stay cautious,
uh but so far we don't see
uh too much of an impact in this market.
We have a very diversified supply supply
chain as well. So, we are making we are
taking our actions to make sure that uh
um we protect ourselves, but at the same
time seeing uh the leaders getting
together, opening themselves to
conversations,
is a promising
uh signal.
I saw some comments recently from
October, I think, from Tapestry CEO. Is
it Todd Kahn, who said essentially said
in this tariff environment, he's more
happy to be in the $300 range than the
$3,000 range. I'm not saying you're
an expensive brand, but are you for this
uh
this economy right now in sort of the
sweet spot? And you mentioned Gen Z. You
you're
your sales are really driven by
influencers and that Gen Z who like your
brand. So, would you say you're in that
sweet spot? Yes. So, um for us, it's
meeting the consumer where they are with
the right product assortment and the
right price point. So, we don't have the
ambition to uh sell expensive brands
that they may not want to carry because
they're too precious. As I mentioned
earlier, our objective is tapping into
their lives, providing the right
functionality, but really the right
products and beyond that, making them
feel confident. How's Singles' Day
doing? I mean, it's a period now. It's
not just one day on November 11th.
>> you know, a month. So, Singles' Day,
11/11, is huge.
Um of course, a lot of customer are
buying.
Still, there is a lot of buy buy buy.
That's the key of Double 11. We have a
strong presence on online platform and
we are making sure that we are driving
right sales and right equity. Is it
better than last year?
Yeah. It's it's growing. So, we've seen
an inflection on sales. I would say the
whole market for Coach is
outperforming last year
sales. So, it's beyond Double 11. Double
11 is a point in time uh that we want to
win, but overall the growth is quite
promising. Liliana, thank you so much
for your time here. My pleasure.
Thank you.
No, guys, I cannot bring you back a
Tabby bag, okay? Can't do it to you. You
want to back to you.
>> about Brooklyn bag? Are there any
Brooklyn bags around there? That's it,
Steve. We're no longer friends.
>> [laughter]
>> Great great interview there. Yeah, looks
like you're having a blast at CIE. That
was
great boost there. It looks like
our chief Asia correspondent Yvonne Lo
there going shopping for us. Just, you
know, window shopping at least. And
there's more coming up from CIE though
in Shanghai. We'll take the temperature
of business ties [music] with the EU
Chamber of Commerce as tensions simmer
over issues including overcapacity and
trade in rare earths. This is Bloomberg.
Well, China's reporting trade data later
on today with both exports and imports
expected to grow at a much slower pace
on year compared to the previous month.
Let's bring in our China correspondent
Yvonne Lo on what to expect. It seems
like that sort of strong upside surprise
we saw last month might not be
sustainable. Why? Yeah, and a big part
of it is because we had a very very high
base last year. It was the highest
export print that we got in more than 2
years because that was when the
front-loading just began when there was
a lot of anticipation that President
Trump might win the election. So, that
is weighing on this year's at this
October's export numbers. You add to
that, this number was, you know, it was
just before the trade talks between US
and China and, you know, before the
dialing down of of tensions, there was
front-loading that has already been
taking place
many months before. So, it looks like
overseas importers of Chinese goods were
just taking a little bit of a pause
there. Plus, you add to that, there is
also the Golden Week holiday, which is
another seasonal disruptor to the
numbers as well. But, we also have the
import numbers coming in expected to be
just above 2% on year. So, continuing to
be very weak and again reflecting that
weakness in domestic demand despite some
of the government efforts so far to try
to boost spending. The So, after this, I
think we Well, when we get to Monday,
inflation's also something we're going
to be unpacking. Give give us a sense of
what to expect.
>> Yeah, inflation is the same thing,
right? We continue to see weakness
there. Yes, it's expected to ease a
little bit. CPI expected to come in at
-0.1%, but still still in negative
territory, right? Especially the PPI, I
believe it's -2.2%
when it comes to the forecast. And this
is, you know, it's been the trend since
the start of 2023, 2 years 10 months now
that we're seeing negative
negative deflation on the PPI. And
Bloomberg Economics believes that there
is no way we're going to see the GDP
deflator turning positive before the end
of the year. And they also said that a
big reason is because we're seeing a
widening income gap in China
consistently over the past 10 years. So,
it's a structural issue, not a cyclical
issue. And this is one of the biggest
barriers to why those government
policies so far is not enough to lift
spending because if the the the the
poorest people, their income is not
moving up, they're the ones with the
biggest propensity to spend and and
their incomes are just not catching up
with the the higher income people in
China. All right. Yvonne, thank you
Yvonne Lo, there, our China
correspondent on what to expect in the
data coming up as well. Okay.
Huawei suppliers in focus coming up on
your screens and we're down across just
about across the board. They were down
about 4%.
>> [snorts]
>> How many versions of this phone? I don't
know. The ultra-thin iPhone rival
590 bucks.
You know, this could also be just a
broad market drawdown, although Sunny
Optical is somewhat also an Apple story.
So, yeah, so it's hard to sort of
disentangle, but it's still doing
business, of course, with both.
Lithium stocks in focus, CATL, and this
really sets the stage for a conversation
I'm really looking forward to having in
in the next hour here.
>> Yeah, Maggie Yao is going to be joining
us to talk a little bit more about, you
know, where to now in this whole AI
trade? And she says, "Look, the one
thing that China has a competitive
advantage of is power capacity, right?"
So, it's really more about the energy
infrastructure that we need to kind of
focus on as well. Of course, that is her
bread and butter. At CATL though, the
news on possibly they've made key
progress on this mining rights
application. That hasn't really been
actually boosting the stock of CATL per
se, but it is actually boosting some of
these lithium stocks as well on that
progress. But, it was it was supposed to
be that they were going to fall, but
they're actually heading the opposite
direction here right now, Dave. Okay.
Just very quickly, we're looking at
markets in the Philippines. There's an
IPO, I think the biggest one of the
year, Manila is nothing happening there.
Okay, which is a good thing if you think
about the juxtapose this against the
broader backdrop of a market that is at
a 3-year low. It took us a while to get
here,
but that that's all to say the sentiment
the bad sentiment in the market was just
backed up by bad economic data. So, the
growth itself slowest in 4 years,
slowest since Corona
going back to 2020.
The miss was actually also quite
something. So, it didn't just slow, it
slowed a lot more than forecast. So, the
bar you see on the rightmost side of the
screens is one standard deviation.
That's the spread between actual
and the median estimates, and this one
actually coming in 1.2 below the median.
So, it was statistically, as you can
see, something that the market clearly
did not did not see coming. So,
obviously the the scan I know they say
definitely wait on on the growth
picture, but also, you know, this might
actually bolster the BSP now to actually
look at more interest rate cuts now,
right? That may be more warranted to
support the economy. They you know, the
economy has also been hit by the likes
of tariffs, typhoons have also been
battering the nation as well. So, there
you go.
Where you're seeing a bit of weakness in
the peso here this morning as well.
We'll have a lot more on the way in the
next hour. We're talking about AI,
right? When we talk about, you know,
it's not just about the whole hardware
side of things.
>> the IT. There's an energy play. It's the
power grid that we have to really focus
on in China as well. And there's some
individual names that they're putting
forward in how to play that outside of
China as well. [music] So, Maggie Yao
will be joining us for that conversation
coming up next in the second hour of the
China [music] show.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour to the
session. Oh, happy Friday. But, yeah,
before we get to the end of the the week
here, it seems like we [music] are
dealing with not just a bad weather, but
maybe just bad sentiment overall. We're
seeing stocks here in Hong Kong down
about 6/10 [music] of 1%. The tech space
is selling off here. So, at a time when
you have concerns around AI bubbles,
about, you know, soft data out of the
US, seems like there's not much good
news out there here today. No, you know,
people are continuing to book those
profits on a week where if you think
about most benchmarks are actually
slightly higher for the week, but
volumes have not been there.
And you are getting I think we've it's
been a while since we've seen a streak
of at least 3 days of gains, which I
guess underscores the, you know, the
amount of vol that's that's out there so
far. Volumes today in Hong Kong are down
about a fifth still. So, we're down 22%
underscoring that point. The headline
that broke about 30 minutes back and the
Nasdaq's coming up on your screens is
the one of the from the information of
reportedly the US is blocking the
scaled-back AI chip meant for China. And
we did see a dip in Nasdaq futures since
we bounced off. Those will get more
context on this in a moment. Now,
speaking of tech, Nikkei,
Kospi, and Taiex gauges coming up on
your screens, and as you can see, some
pressure coming through there. Kospi's
down, the Nikkei's down about 2%, and
Hang Seng tech is reversing, I think, at
this point now about half of the gains
we had yesterday. So, we're down about
70 points. Asia-Pacific, we're down
about 7/10 of 1%. Yeah, I think, you
know, the whole kind of information
report about, you know, even the the
scale-down Blackwell chips are are not
possibly going to be able to go into
this Chinese market. That's going to be
another blow at a time when sentiment is
already pretty really bad when it comes
to these frothy valuations around AI and
the like. And and I think that's why you
you sensed a bit of a change in tone
from Jensen Huang this week when he
spoke to the FT about this race between
AI and between US and China. Before, I
think, he mentioned it was really just
kind of the gap was going to be closing
very soon. This week, it was about China
actually now winning in in this AI race.
And I think it's a really push, I think,
from Jensen Huang to and a big message
for the Trump administration to reverse
some of these chip export curbs. Yeah,
he was clearly not on the fence this
time. Not happy about what happened at
Yongju, I'm guessing, or No, and you
know, with this news today as well that
I think to your point, I I had to look
at the SOX index overnight, Philly Semi
Conduct Index. Actually, we have a full
day left, but it's still on track for
the worst week since about May. 30-day
vol is actually also picked up since
about the highest since that point. So,
clearly the news news flow is not going
to help that at all as well. So, it's a
bad mood, and this is something that we
will be going into, of course, with
Maggie Yao in a moment because they have
a fantastic report on
how much CapEx they see in AI,
and how much China's a part of that,
and, you know, what what beyond IT and
data centers and hyperscalers, what else
do they recommend as far as how to
invest around this as well. Let's bring
in Mark Cranfield in Singapore for us,
our M Live strategist. Mark,
yeah, the the DJ's putting on quite a
bad track today.
How long does this last? Does this last
going into early next week? How long do
you see this?
Yeah, let's hope this is not one of
those
45-minute sequences where it's just all
all boring music and there's no light
bits in between it. You know, we need
need something to cheer us up here.
It it looks like it's just one of those
weeks where where people are trying to
look for the negatives. And as you
you're talking about the Nvidia story
there, that's a It's actually a bit of a
red herring.
But on a day like today, people might
make more of it and than they really
should. I mean, Nvidia company
themselves recently have been saying
they have pretty low expectations
for what they're going to get out of the
Chinese market in the near term.
President Trump didn't discuss the Black
Pearl chips with President Xi. So,
the fact that they're telling us in this
report that
that the the chips are going to be
blocked, I don't think anyone would be
surprised about that. But in a in a day
when when people are are looking for
excuses to to lock in
in the context of what has been a
tremendous run in financial markets over
the past few months. If you look at the
You've got the Nasdaq futures on your
screen there.
If this was a really shocking story
about Nvidia, those futures would be
down 1% already, and there's no sign
that people are panicking there. In
terms of Asia, people are much more
interested in what's happening with the
Korean market. That's been the leader
for sentiment across the region for some
time.
Now, if the Kospi stays about where it
is now,
it's going to lose 3% this week, which
would be its worst week for for several
months.
The last time it had a a 3% decline
after several weeks of winning was back
at the end of March, and then it dropped
about another 8%. So, you can see why
people are getting a little bit edgy
about Korea. It's quite a good leading
indicator, at least in the near term. If
sentiment is changing
and Korea has a bad finish to this week,
we would expect follow-through for the
next couple of weeks. And it's a very
big weekend
in the United States. The shutdown is
really getting into a very crucial
stage. Thanksgiving is approaching.
People already
reducing the number of flights
starting from today in America. One
would imagine if we've still got a
shutdown and we come into Thanksgiving,
which is such a huge travel period,
and they're having to shut the number of
flights. People are going to be very
unhappy in the United States. And that's
really going to fuel a lot of mood music
for the market as well. So, this weekend
we really need to hear some progress on
the shutdown. And as you were mentioning
earlier, people are also pretty
concerned about the private jobs numbers
that we've seen out of the US week. They
were very weak.
Yeah, and I think you're seeing mixed
signals here on what we got all week
when it comes to the labor market as
well, which I think
you know, Goolsbee mentioned it's hard
to kind of
kind of kind of gauge where the next
cut's going to be if if we continue to
rely on this private data, Mark. I want
to get your You're calling Korea. That
was interesting, right? Because at a
time when things were melting down
yesterday, China was sort of the
standout where we actually saw a massive
rally.
But today it seems like China's kind of
kind of joined in on this sort of
downdraft as well. What do you make of
it?
Actually, if you Although the Chinese
market had a reasonable day yesterday,
if you look at the Hang Seng tech index
in particular, which is quite a good
indicator of of the the momentum stocks
related to China, actually that peaked a
few weeks ago. And it's actually
starting to look like we're in a mini
bear market in the in the HSI tech
gauge, which is not a great sign for the
other markets, for the Hang Seng and for
the H shares index as well. That has
clearly turned lower, and it wouldn't
take too much more before people are
talking about proper corrections, maybe
even small bear markets going on in the
Chinese tech sector. We do have the big
earnings coming up. Tencent, Alibaba,
JD.com all coming up relatively soon.
They really need to to post pretty good
outlooks. They may well do. And we've
seen that from the other Asian
companies, Samsungs, Hynix, those kind
of guys.
Been pretty upbeat.
But if we don't hear
very positive comments coming out of the
Chinese tech companies, we could be in
for a pretty rough month, especially if
the American markets are not cooperating
as well. So, next few days, the next bit
of earnings, pretty important for how we
go into the end of the year.
If we're going to have a good finish to
the year, it's very dependent on hearing
very good outlooks from the Chinese tech
companies.
Yeah, and and and in a lucky 13 days,
Mark, Nvidia reports, I believe, on the
20th. So, let's let's let's let's let's
keep our fingers crossed for that. Mark,
just a final question for you. I'm
looking at Japan. We're down 1,000
points in the Nikkei, that's obviously
just uh is an exaggeration given where
we are on an absolute basis. But what's
going on in Japan there? We look at TDK,
Advantest, some of the momentum plays
are really coming off.
Yeah, they are. Similar to I mean,
they're taking their lead from Korea to
some extent. Actually, the earning
season's going pretty well in Japan.
There've been more beats than than
misses. We've got a very big week
next week. We've got three of the four
big heavyweights, SoftBank, Sony, MUFG
Financial, all reporting next week.
SoftBank is the one that could probably
cause the most disruption. The stock's
having a a rough day today. That's
obviously very tied to the AI story as
well. But once again, they they may
surprise.
Companies in the AI space are
consistently doing that. So, a lot of
people will be watching the earnings in
Japan next week. But it's been a good
season so far, and that probably means
there's limited limited downside,
especially with the the yen is going to
stay weak
for quite a period of time here. The the
Bank of Japan looks as though they're
going to defer rate hikes into next
year. So, there there's no immediate
threat to the Japanese currency.
Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our strategist joining us out of
Singapore. Ah, yeah, not a whole lot of
good news out there.
Kind of depressing me. I want to talk a
little bit about AI though, and maybe
other ways to kind of play it. Yeah. On
that theme, right? Coming up, BofA
Global Research joins us next as we dig
deeper, right? You know, they they
mentioned about powering up and cooling
down for AI data centers here. They're
really talking about the energy
infrastructure. Maybe China has an upper
hand here when it comes to the whole
power grid sort of thing. And on the
cooling side,
>> Yeah. things and materials that uh will
literally be cooling stuff down
>> [laughter]
>> right on the back of that. But it's also
a hot trade. There we go. According to
Maddie Cho, she's coming up next. This
is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching [music]
the China show. Yeah, chips have been in
the in the news this week. You had of
course those
the the the the those comments coming
through out of Jensen Huang that really
made the rounds. When you look at this
is the 30-day vol gauge actual vol of
the Philly semiconductor index, highest
since
uh since May. Uh by the way, on price,
it's also set for its worst week since
May. So, things have started to brew a
little bit here Yeah. Yeah. And it kind
of is interesting, right? This all kind
of happens on the same week that Jensen
Huang made these comments that is making
some waves, right? When it comes to he
he says China will win
the AI race now. It's a very kind of
different tone than what he said maybe
just a few weeks ago. You know, before
it was about narrowing the gap was
narrowing. Now that he actually says
China will win. Well, Michael Deng from
our Bloomberg Economics team kind of
talked a little more about that, right?
He mentioned, "Look, this declaration
that China will win the AI race thanks
to its energy infrastructure advantage.
That's is a dire assessment of America's
competitive position, but a diagnosis
tells only part of the story." But he
says, "Yes, when it comes to energy
capacity,
China wins over the US. But when it
comes to computing, that's still going
to be the edge the US has at the moment
in this race." But let's focus on the
whole energy side of things. First and
foremost, let's bring in Maddie Cho,
co-head of China equity research and
head of APAC basic materials, oil and
gas research of BofA Global Research.
Your report just talks specifically
about that, right? The the the benefits
of it for China is that they do have low
power costs out there. How do you see
this whole power generation capacity?
How is it like in China? And how's it
compared to the US and maybe other parts
of the world? Yeah, sure. So, we just
published a report called the powering
up for AIDC, and we are expecting the
global needs for AIDC of power to grow
2.2 times in the next 5 years. Uh and
China is quite power up in in this
competition. So, we have the most uh
secured uh you can say the power grid uh
sophisticated power grid, um and we have
a much lower cost of the tariff as well,
power tariff. China is around 30 to 50%
cheaper than the power power tariff. In
terms of the grid age, China is below 20
years. US and Europe are between 40 to
50 years. So, quite aged in the grids as
well. Um China also has a very strong uh
power equipment, like for example,
transformers, etc. And a lot of Chinese
uh transformer go abroad as well. And
lastly, also the ESS, the energy
storage. So, uh energy storage is
becoming more and more important uh
during this uh AI race um as well. And
China actually did a lot of exports into
US and Europe uh after ful- fulfilling
our own needs as well. How much more
capex needs to go into I mean, already
developed infrastructure in China, but
that's going to keep going up,
relatively speaking. So, how much money
needs to go into that space?
>> Yeah, sure. So, uh we estimate this year
uh just the direct use in the data
center will be about 600 to 700 billion
RMB in the capex, uh which is equivalent
to 90 billion US. And we expect this to
grow at about 29%. Sorry.
[clears throat] 29% CAGR in the next 5
years to around 330 billion uh total
capex for the whole AIDC. Out of this,
about 1/3 will go into this
infrastructure side, i.e., power,
cooling,
uh energy, and constructions, and and
metals as well. So, um by uh 2030, we
are basically looking at just this power
and cooling sides of around 800 billion
RMB market. Wow. Uh tell us about the
cooling side cuz no one really talks
about this.
What sort of metals do you think are are
going to benefit the most from this sort
of cooling demand?
>> Yeah, so for cooling, so actually
cooling need to go together with power
because power generate a lot of heat. So
basically, we need to cool it down as
well. Um if you look at the a survey,
actually every 10° increase in
temperature will reduce about 50% of
stability of the data center. So cooling
is actually getting very very important.
Um currently in uh China now, uh we're
still using a lot of these uh air
cooling, so like the air conditioner now
in this studio. Um but with data center
development, higher power intensity, uh
especially with the more advanced chips,
we will need a lot of the liquid
cooling, i.e. the water going into the
cooling system. Um so currently, we
expect this cooling market to grow at
40% plus CAGR in the next 5 years to go
together to solve this uh intensity of
power generating more heat um as well.
So So what's the plan on cooling because
you you can't go long on water. So
Yeah, so what's the what's what's the
specific play there? Yeah.
>> Yeah, so we have like Nv Cool, uh we
have Shenling, this type of key players
uh in in uh and also in uh Taiwan, we
have AVC, uh Auras as well. They are the
key players of uh of cooling. Like for
example, Nv Cool has already entered
into the Nvidia um you know, supply
chain as well. Yeah. I mean, everyone
obviously is is questioning right now
the valuations when it comes to AI. How
much interest are you getting around
your expertise now, which is the power
grid side of things?
>> Yeah, so I think lots of interest, you
know, a lot [clears throat] of you know,
calls we can't actually so many incoming
calls, I have to say. Um so in terms of
the valuation, if you look at the power
transformers, like for example, Siyuan,
Huaming, Jinpan, these are key power
transformer who are doing a lot of
exports. Uh they're currently trading at
about 28 to 32 times uh 2026 PR. So not
that excess if you compare to a lot of
the chips who are about 60 times, right?
So they are they are up a lot, but not
that expensive. Like the energy storage
like Sungrow, the leaders is trading at
about 21 times. And then if you come to
the metal front who will also benefit a
lot from this data center, um like the
copper guys like Zijin Mining are
trading at 12 times, uh the aluminum
guys were trading at about 10 times. So
it's basically um not well, you can say
much more attractive compared to the to
the uh software and IT related. And is
the premise to the China exports many of
this capacity outside or does it have
enough domestic enough need domestically
to to to to take up that supply?
>> Yeah, so for the ones that outperform,
the shares that outperform mainly are
the exporters because so I take energy
storage as an example. Uh if you export
to US and Europe, you earn four to five
times higher margin compared to what you
sell in China. So if you um so say take
Sungrow, a 60% of its um you know,
shares actually go exports as well. So
you earn probably much higher margin
compared to the one who are only selling
domestic. Similarly for the transformer,
if you sell in US and Europe, uh on
average, you probably earn between 40 to
50% margin. In China, you earn 10 to 20%
at best. So Yeah, so exporters still
earn a higher margins as well. But
actually, so what I'm saying is uh
actually China is powering the world,
not only powering China because like for
example, the energy storage, the ESS,
this year, the export doubled. Um and
the transformer, this year export up
40%. So um yeah, so those ones were
actually because US and Europe and the
rest of the world are all building up
this power equipment sites. Do you see
any sort of risk that could derail
like all these investments that is going
into the space right now? Uh yes, the
risk of course it's probably that a lot
of the like the mega seven or the major
uh companies actually slow down on the
CapEx um in the next few years because
it has been very very strong. Um if you
look at the CapEx growth this year has
been very strong as well looking at the
major Chinese uh internet company
announcement, the government
announcements.
Uh but I think even if we have the risk,
pick with the high quality ones, pick
with the ones that valuation are not,
you know, that excess at this moment and
probably can win towards the bump. I
don't think it it will be the I mean, AI
will be the long-term trend, right? You
will have some fluctuation in between.
So that's why I think the uh high
quality um and then uh reasonable
valuation is important. Yeah.
30x, not 60x, right? Which is
>> [laughter]
>> relatively speaking. Uh Maddie, thank
you so much.
>> Thank you. Maddie Zhao there, go ahead.
And gas research at BOVA.
>> [music]
>> Right.
Um
yeah, uh Xi Jinping wants China's Hainan
region to become a free [music] trade
flag barrier with zero tariff policies
expanding [music] from 21% to 74%. More
and more companies are racing to seize
new opportunities in the region coming
up. This is Bloomberg.
Well, the US-China Business Council says
there's cautious [music] optimism after
President Trump and Xi struck their
trade truce. We spoke to Council
President Sean Stein at the
International Import Expo in Shanghai
and asked if commercial ties are showing
signs of recovery.
It has absolutely been bogged down and
American companies have been very much
on tenterhooks wondering which way
things are going to go. What I think is
interesting is after Korea, the Chinese
government has already tried to start
out uh send out signals that we welcome
American business and and we want you to
be here. I mean, case in point, uh we're
at their giant, you know, import expo.
We have more American companies here
than at probably any other trade show in
the world and last night, the Chinese
premier comes and who does he visit? He
visits three American medical companies
sending a really strong message that
hey, we value you and we value your
investment. So the Chinese side is
trying to reassure American business.
But American business, while they see
the deal that happened in Korea as the
best possible outcome, there's a
question about is it going to last?
>> Right. How long will it last? Well,
we've seen this movie before, right? Two
days after Geneva, Geneva lasted 48
hours before it melted down. And I think
Madrid lasted about 10 days before we
started to have real problems. And so
while there's hope that this time it'll
continue, there's still going to be a
lot of guarded cautious optimism at
least until April. Not asking you to
take a political position here, but do
you think in Washington they
underestimated China's position and
levers of strength that they could
possibly employ going into this trade
war? I think there were two problems. I
think one problem is I think the United
States may have overestimated its
leverage and how worried China would be
about US tariffs. And I think they
underestimated China's counter leverage.
But at the same time, both sides have
the ability to do enormous damage to the
other side's economy through export
controls and other measures. And I do
think that both sides have sort of
looked over the abyss and said maybe
that's not where we want to go. And so
both sides have realized yeah, now's the
time we can we can pull back. The
question is can we stay pulled back or
are we going to get into another
escalatory spiral? What are you seeing
internally in America
against the backdrop of these national
policies? Are you tangibly seeing
regional blocks looking for their
avenues into China? I'm not necessarily
saying trade deals from the Pacific
Northwest, say for example, Washington
state officials are here, Oregon state
officials are here. Look at what's
happening in the Midwest with the, you
know, those soybean farmers maybe
feeling they're not getting their voice
heard. Are you seeing sort of regional
blocks
talking to the Chinese officials,
talking to the Chinese companies and
trying to get some sort of
favorable deals for themselves?
>> Okay, let's not name names, but I'm
seeing some nervous governors. 800,000
jobs dependent on trade with China. And
those jobs are starting to go away
because US exports to China and US
exports to other regions are going away
because of high tariffs in the United
States. And so I'm hearing about nervous
governors who are asking us how long is
this going to go on and where is the
light at the end of the tunnel? I'm
hearing from members of Congress on both
sides. So I think that yes, we're not at
the point where I think we're seeing
regional blocks, but I do think we're
seeing governors starting to think about
how can I continue and protect the jobs
that we have that are tied to exports to
China. Last question for you on the
high-tech. Obviously, Donald Trump was
talking about possibly putting Blackwell
chips on the table. I think maybe his
more national security hawks in DC
convinced him otherwise. But how do you
see China's leverage increased
tremendously through the deep seek
moment and its confidence in AI to the
point where they don't necessarily need
that chip? I think you hit that on the
nose. And that is, you know, I did I
knew my job was negotiating with China
for a number of years when I was at the
State Department. And you would get a
long list of issues that were
unresolved. And the issue wasn't, say if
we had 15 issues that were unresolved,
the issue wasn't to resolve those 15
issues. The issue was to find the three
they really cared about. The rest were
bones that they would throw at us to
chew on. I think that right now, Chinese
companies, they want access to chips.
Uh the Chinese government, yeah, not so
much.
>> Yeah. And so I think this is one of the
bones they've given us to chew on. Where
do I think it's good for the US economy
to sell more chips here? Absolutely. Do
I think this is keeping China up at
night that they're not getting Blackwell
chips? Yeah, probably not. And the most
important thing is the way they talk
about it. When I talk to Chinese
businesses, entrepreneurs, academics,
scholars, and most importantly, people
in the government, and if you ask the
question, you know, who's winning on AI?
They they give you this look like what
what does this mean? What is this
winning of which you speak? Um and they
don't see it in those terms. What they
see is they see not a race to AGI. They
see a race to deploy AI into every
business, every school, and every sector
of the economy. And what I see are
companies, whether they're Chinese or
foreign, racing and pushing AI out into
every aspect of their business
operation. And I think in the minds of
the Chinese, that's the goal with AI is
to push it out and drive efficiency.
>> [music]
>> Well, I'm 2:09 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
[music] markets taking that lunch break
here this morning. We continue to see
the of course this down draft. Oof.
Nikkei 225 still down by about 2%. It is
still the tech plays that are still
selling off here today. Really kind of
following that feel that we see in Korea
for another day here as well. But that
down draft, you can feel it across the
region. Even China stocks and tech
stocks are getting a feeling that sort
of down draft here this morning. Dollar
yen just below 153 levels here. Not much
really to talk about there. Yeah, some
of the big movers there in fact just to
Yvonne's point, right? There doesn't
seem to be a lot of appetite for risk
taking. In fact, it seems like things
are getting worse
uh just in the last hour or so just
looking at price and just looking at how
some of the big winners so far like
SoftBank has had a terrible terrible
week. Uh we're down about 8 and 1/2% on
the price and just a pull in the Nikkei,
too, enough to pull the Nikkei down. Not
just SoftBank, of course, 1,100 points
there. Uh we're down about 2%. Similar
losses also we're seeing in Korea by
that uh by that amount. So, it doesn't
seem like we're done with this and it's
I mean, just keep in mind, of course,
we're coming up a bad session. The US
down 1% in the US.
Uh right, very quickly let's have a look
at Pop Mart here. So, we are down there
on that stock. We're down 4 and 1/2%.
Um that's down to this live streaming
incident where I understand this
uh It's an employee. Someone was
overpriced.
>> Well, they should they were caught on
camera holding this blind box
suggesting it was overpriced during this
live streaming session. This is
according to local media that covered
reporting this as well. That's funny
that that's what led to the stock lower.
But um but yes, that's what's going on.
But that's what they're attributing it
to at least for now. Yeah. Well, that's
that's how much the world has I mean,
we've come to this, right? There's a
blind box and then there's a price. You
don't know what's in the box, but you're
willing to pay for it. But anyway,
that's a that's more of a a conceptual
issue. But basically, the winners of
this market so far like the Pop Marts,
like the SoftBanks are all kind of
heading the opposite direction now as
well. Let's talk a little more about,
you know, where where things lie when it
comes to geopolitics as well. Head back
to the China International Import Expo
in Shanghai where Bloomberg's Stephen
Engle is with our next guest. Hey,
Steve.
Hey there, guys. Obviously, in the last
week or so, the US-China commercial and
political relationship has taken most of
the world's attention. But of course,
the European Union as well has a
significant trade
relationship with China. They've sort of
been caught in collateral damage because
of the global trade war. Let's get a
pulse check of where US I excuse me,
European and Chinese commercial
relations are right now with Carlo
D'Andrea. He is the EU Chamber of
Commerce in China Vice President as well
as the Shanghai chapter head.
Good morning. Good morning. Buongiorno.
So, it's a very very good to meet you
again here at the CIIE. How would you
say relations are right now, trade
relations? Obviously, there's a truce
between the US and China right now.
Europeans have had similar complaints
about export licenses on rare earths.
Where are we right now? We are following
up the meeting that President Xi had
with Trump in Seoul. It's a good
beginning. We want to see a bit the
implementation of this agreement. Export
control is definitely one of the main
issue that European company are facing
now here in China. Already in July
during the US-China Business Summit, as
European Chamber, we had the opportunity
to speak with the Chinese leadership and
especially with the Minister of Commerce
who went went out to ask a task force in
order to boost the
the issuance of this license. At the
moment, we are seeing some progress, but
still is
lack of continuity or fluidity in the
process.
>> It's not resolved because there were
there were production disruptions
throughout Europe from what are here
just because of the the supply of
magnets, supply of critical minerals
from August and September, and you say
it has not necessarily been resolved
yet. I would say that there's still
things to be done. We have still our
members that they are telling us that
they have a problem in Europe, but also
a problem here in China because many of
these products are utilized here in
China to be used in the local market.
So, we want to highlight that it is
important the political talk, but they
need to implement the procedure as fast
as they can. Right. So, you've seen some
discrepancies on the speed in which
export licenses are granted, right?
Sometimes really fast, sometimes really
slow. Has that clarity has there been
more clarity since there is a truce? I
know you didn't have a truce. The US and
China did, but you kind of caught in the
middle on that.
As always, you know, like the Europe in
the relationship with China and US, they
always have a
side control effect. Yeah. So, good that
they had this meeting in Seoul. We want
to see what's going to happen. You're
right, there are very differentiation
between the sector, between where you
are based. But overall, what we are
saying here to the Shanghai authority is
they want to advocate to the central
authority to have a a more precise
procedure that once you set all the
document, when you apply, you know
exactly when you're going to get it.
Because we have companies and members
that they are losing millions per day.
Obviously, Li Qiang, the premier, was
here at CIIE. He was talking a lot about
boosting consumption. We all know that
China needs to boost domestic
consumption to rebalance its economy, to
get the households to spend right now.
Confidence is pretty low, though. Retail
sales have been extremely sluggish. So,
an event like this is intended to at
least promote the importation of goods
from around the world. How useful I'm
not necessarily getting you to criticize
it. You you did a
couple of years ago. But is this
working? Is China importing more? And do
events like this help the Europeans? So,
we would like to specify that we are the
voice of European business here in
China. We speak after data. And what we
want to say that the CIIE in the
original idea was the one to help to
eliminate the trade imbalance or reduce
the trade imbalance between EU and
China. At the moment, it doesn't work
because you see over the year the trade
imbalance is growing. So, what we
suggest is to come back to the original
core of the CIIE to the one to bring to
China new European products, new
international products never seen before
in order to boost the
the relationship in order to bring more
new small medium enterprise because at
the moment, the pricing that they are
applying for this booth, beautiful
booth, I believe you showed to your
public, are very expensive. There are
other cities in the near region that
they even offer tickets, flight tickets,
booths for free in order to attract more
medium enterprise to come to China and
to sell and to see for the first time
China. I believe that the CIIE should
come back to that. And regarding the
sentiment, I want to say that the
consumption
in China grow by 4.4%. So, in Europe
would be a great news. The other issue
is that the manufacturing output grow by
6.2%. So, you have more things in the
market that the one people can buy. And
this is one aspect of the Li Qiang
speech was the one to recalibrate the
overcapacity or the irrational
competition that they mentioned. We hope
that it's going in this direction
because the competition price on our
members are making them rethink their
strategy here in China. How dire is it
right now for for example, let's pick
one sector, European automakers. They've
lost the top spot to Aito Series in the
luxury space, a Chinese domestic EV.
They're playing catch-up. We're getting
a report from other media that Porsche
is considering a gradual withdrawal from
China because of diminished deliveries
in this local market. The Xiaomi SU7,
some say, is an almost exact copy of a
of a Porsche. What does this represent
as far as the future of European
automakers, a key key industry for
German Germany?
Okay. We do believe that China is a
fitness center for our member. So, you
have to be here and not only for the
market, but also for the innovation
ecosystem. Of course, the new energy
vehicle sector in China is a success
story because we have seen in a few
years they become leader in the sector.
The other issue is that we are seeing
this was a
news of the last summer in July, the
consumption luxury tax threshold Yeah.
it was reduced from 1.3 million RMB to
900,000 RMB.
>> European cars were taxed at the higher
level. Yeah.
>> for the additional 10%. So, it's another
way to say, you know, guys, beautiful
product, but it's
my Chinese And that again benefits the
local players.
Very quickly, well, actually, we've run
out of time, but you're coming out
Wednesday with a new paper on Shanghai.
We're going to have to talk to you again
about that. Thank you. We want to give
suggestion to the Shanghai authority in
order how they can improve
to invest in Shanghai and let Shanghai
to become even more international as
they Well, they initially planned to
have Shanghai be an international
finance center by 2020. The pandemic
happened. We're going to catch up on
that. Do we have time to catch up next
week? Next week we're going to talk
about it. Okay. More from the EU Chamber
of course next week as they come out
with a new paper on what they suggest
China should re-transform if you will
the financial capital of China,
Shanghai. Back to you guys.
Yeah, SIFC
is a something I haven't heard in a
while. Steve, fantastic conversation
there.
Stephen Engle in in Shanghai at the
Import Export Export Export.
On that note, just speaking of import
exports, we're actually going to get a
data point on that today. Imports and
exports, the trade balance as you can
see is at 97. That's the expected. Could
come out in fact anytime now. Big
picture view on the trade balance and
this export powerhouse that is China
12-month moving average and we're
nearing a 100 billion monthly on this
export machine. Yeah, I mean there's a
seasonal factors, high base, you know,
as Mim Mim mentioned that might lead to
why we're seeing a bit of a slowdown
those numbers for this month but
certainly
now that you have seen a truce between
the US and China, you know, maybe there
is
a case to be made that you know, the
export numbers can continue to stay
pretty strong.
Moving up and that trade surplus can
remain quite high. Coming up though,
we're going to talk a little bit more
about core banks. DBS Bank has reported
higher [music] than expected earnings
supported by sustained momentum and its
wealth management business and robust
trading income. The DBS CEO discusses
[music] bank earnings and the outlook
next. This is from Bloomberg.
Well, DBS is looking to take advantage
of an influx of institutional funds
diversifying into Asia. The CEO Tan Sue
Shan spoke with Inside Anchor Haslinda
Amin earlier today and discussed their
outlook.
A lot of the directional winds will be
on where interest rates go.
For DBS,
we've already factored in
lower Singapore SIBOR SOR rates and
that's because Singapore rates have
already gone down a lot more than the US
rates. US rates have been two rate cuts,
we're looking at three rate cuts. For us
actually,
if US dollar rates go down, our cost of
funds go down because we have a net
floating liability in US dollars. So
actually it's not a bad thing for us,
it's actually a net positive. We've
already suffered the lower Sing dollar
rates and so the key thing is for next
year is how to keep the volume growth
going. But that's deposit growth,
how do you keep the wealth management
momentum going? That's both net new
money, new to bank customers as well as
more, you know,
bedding down of these
wealth management clients. And then the
big such of other vertical growth area I
believe is the financial institutions
group. Global investors are now looking
to diversify.
Many are looking towards Asia,
Singapore, Hong Kong, China, etc.
And that's our game to win. So really
we've got to kind of increase our
penetration of the global institutional
investors as well. How confident are you
in countering that squeeze on margins?
Well, I think it's it's it's a balance.
I mean, the margins on interest rates
were a price taker. However, what we
have done in the last few years is we've
been very nimble on hedging. You know,
it's it's a little bit
If you're hedging now, it's a little bit
too late. So you've
would have had to start years ago and
the team started years ago, so that's
good. So we have hedging already both on
the interest rates and on the effects.
So, you know, if it goes really big
either way, we're we're protected either
way. You know, but of course next
year's, you know, new hedges will have
to come in as the old hedges
melt away.
And so our our issue will then to be
fine to be finding, you know, good
opportunistic pricing to come in with
the new hedges. The wealth business has
been a boon for DBS.
We're seeing lots of wealth creation in
the region especially in Hong Kong
where, you know, IPOs are closing in on
40 billion dollars. Is Hong Kong the key
market for you when it comes to the
wealth business and where growth is
going to be?
Hong Kong is a key equity capital
markets hub. It's the largest equity
capital markets in Asia.
There's more IPOs there than anywhere
else in the world and there's a lot of
wealth creation in Hong Kong. Hong Kong
is back, right? Hong Kong is is buzzing
with activities. Hong Kong has the
resiliency that you want should never
underestimate. So Hong Kong is back and
that's great because we're, you know,
the fourth largest bank in Hong Kong.
We've set up wealth centers there.
That's been doing well. There's been a
lot of flow in Hong Kong both into the
stock market and and into the bond
market actually. So it's it's it's both.
Singapore as a wealth hub has also done
well. It's more of an FICC market, fixed
income, FX commodities. But both
financial hubs have seen great activity.
There you go. That was Tan Sue Shan
there with Haslinda of course and that
conversation
on the trends and how they able I guess
that's a price taker as it pertains to
margins. If you're one of our
subscribers, you can rewatch that
interview. They covered really a lot of
things there with Has [music] and you
can
you can do that via our TV TV, our
interactive TV function in TV Go and
also become part of the conversations
here.
>> [music]
>> Any questions for us of course, you know
how to reach us. For our clients, check
it out. TV Go, plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
A rally in Hainan related stocks,
everything from some of the
infrastructure plays to some of the
actual on the ground businesses there.
This is on the back of Chinese President
Xi Jinping's his trip to Hainan
dominating coverage in China's domestic
media today including in the People's
Daily with reports quoting his call for
the province to develop a modern
industrial system. Let's bring in Mim
Mim Loh, our China correspondent to give
us the context here on this trip.
Yeah, so Hainan looks to be a very
important pillar now for China as part
of its
opening up because Hainan always had
enjoyed a special status. They had been
piloting a free trade zone there and now
with this trip, the Chinese government
is announcing that starting from
December 18th, they are going to
implement a two-tiered custom system so
that goods traded between Hainan and the
rest of the world can enjoy zero or
lower tariffs. But then if they were to
use Hainan as a gateway to enter the
rest of mainland China, then they would
have to go through normal customs
procedure unless they have at least 30%
more value-added processing in Hainan.
So what this means is that it will
increase Hainan's favorability as a
choice for foreign companies to make it
their manufacturing hub if they want to
export goods into China. And already
Hainan has a very favorable favorable
visa-free policy. They extended to over
80 countries and if you've been there,
you know that it's a heaven for
duty-free shopping. There are a lot of
these malls there also for it's it's a
beach resorts, surfing and all that. And
so far that free trade zone has already
seen very strong performance over the
last five years. If you look at the data
from China Daily for example, you can
see that their foreign investments
growth over the past five years annually
averages about 14%.
Newly funded foreign enterprises has
increased about 40% and goods traded
goods and services traded increased
about 30%. So they're doubling down on
the strategy to open up that free trade
port further. All right. Certainly as as
you say, right? Coming at a time flows
to the US when it comes to trade are
declining. They're looking to boost
trade
all around the country. We're expecting
these trade numbers to come through any
moment now. What's expected? Yeah, so we
are expecting to see a pullback in the
trade numbers because we had very strong
numbers last month, right? Around 7 or
8% or so. We are expecting to see
somewhere between 2 to 3% for both
exports and import growth in October and
that's partly because of the very high
base last year. Last October we saw 12%
increase in exports. That was the
highest in more than two years because
that was when all that export
front-loading had just begun
over this anticipation of the US
elections and the possibility of Trump
returning to power. So now we have
already seen many many months of
front-loading and it's taking a little
bit of a pause now especially with Trump
and Xi meeting and the dialing down of
tension. So you can see exports expected
to grow 2.9% and imports by 2.7% which
reflects that weak domestic demand still
despite all that government efforts to
boost spending so far.
All right. Mim Mim Loh, thank you. Our
China correspondent Mim Mim Loh there as
we wait for the trade data to come
through here any moment now. Now to some
other big stories that we're tracking
for you today. Online fast fashion
retailer Shein expects net income to
nearly double to 2 billion dollars this
year. That's as higher profit margins
[music]
help offset the drop in traffic from
President Trump's tariffs. Sources say
Shein is also forecasting [music]
mid-teen sales growth for 2025. The
upbeat outlook comes as the company
works to retain investor confidence
[music] amid a long-delayed IPO and
global regulatory scrutiny.
Huawei is taking a direct aim at Apple's
iPhone Air with a new product called the
Mate 70 Air.
>> [music]
>> The handset is just 6.6 mm thick and
priced at about $590
as [music] compared with the $999
for the Apple product. Now China's
smartphone makers are showing [music] a
greater willingness to confront Apple
with Xiaomi rebranding its flagship
lineup as the 17 [music]
and 17 Pro. Diageo cut its full-year
sales and profit outlook as weak [music]
demand in China and the US weighs on
results. The maker of Johnny Walker and
Guinness now expects revenue to be flat
or slightly lower this [music] year,
trimming its profit forecast as drinkers
trade down to cheaper brands. Not just a
cheaper brands, but just
maybe just less alcohol, less liquor. Or
no alcohol. Yeah. The Yeah, I think it
was a fantastic piece. Was it last week
very recently? It was probably in the
last week.
>> On alcohol stocks. Yes, 800 It was 830
billion that was wiped out.
And so I think we we put that actually
so that specific index we have a we have
a Bloomberg has an index of effectively
the booze makers. Big, medium, small cap
across the different liquors. So the
market cap of that that was the one that
was measured there. So what we did was
we put that same index on a chart
and we actually looked at the PE. Yeah.
And which is interesting, right? Because
you know, it we were talking about this
during
5 years ago during the global pandemic
when alcohol sales
went through the roof because people
were not traveling. They were stuck at
home. Not much else to do. I mean work
from home took on a different meaning,
really.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh but since that point in time the
shift towards less drinking has really
depressed it. So I think evaluation
perspective, right? This is it trading
at multi-year lows
on the specific index. So it's not that
Diageo, right? We look at some of the
big
liquor makers in China. They haven't
uh
partaken
in this rally on the CSI.
>> was also this sort of ban on booze,
right? When it came to official
functions in China as well. So you you
that's added fuel to this sort of
downtrend and then you add the whole
weak household confidence in China.
That's also leading to why, you know,
Kweichow and some of these uh liquor
makers or baijiu makers are not doing as
well, right? So certainly it is a
structural sort of change that we're
seeing across this industry, right?
These changing health habits and the
like. Um something that I don't I don't
know as millennials I'm still kind of
scratching my head around.
>> Why?
>> [laughter]
>> You know why. If you know, you know.
Come on. I was invited
and have since the invite have
defriended the person.
>> Oh, no. I was invited to a coffee rave.
At night? Yeah, well it was 4:00 p.m.
But
you know, what time is your last coffee?
Our cutoff is like lunch. Probably 4:00
or even before that, yeah.
>> Before that, right? Because you have to
go Yeah, so anyone who thinks about
inviting me an invite A coffee rave at
night?
>> Whereas uh when was your last vodka Red
Bull? Oh gosh. That brings me back to my
college years. Gosh.
>> Okay, your last beer. When was it?
Tuesday.
Don't put me on the spot like that. Come
on.
>> Well, no no no. It's Friday, so yes,
it's going to happen sooner than later,
okay?
>> No, I
>> [laughter]
>> I was with Yvonne when We were there. It
was a big It was a big day.
>> can check out our social media. Maybe
later, we'll see if we'll post it. But
yes.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm too honest. What did I say? What
time was that?
I'm like Okay, okay, before you say the
time. Um big week coming up, right?
Let's not talk about drinking much
longer, although it is Friday and we're
very excited about that. Um yes, so a
big week coming up. We have a data we
come about, you know, big corporate
releases and the like, right? So results
are coming through when it comes to
Tencent for on Thursday. The tech China
tech sort of earnings are kicking in a
little bit. Inflation data coming on
China on Sunday. That's first and
foremost. And then of course it's 11/11.
Although it already feels like 11/11,
right? Singles' Day. People have been
already on their on their promos right
now. So [music] it's a busy weekend and
week ahead. So on that note, we will see
you all on Monday
dark and early. This is the China Show.
>> [laughter]